edit: reworks the enhanced workflow doc single page (#1603)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/new-deployment-workflow.md

---
id: new-deployment-workflow
title: New Deployment Workflow
sidebar_label: New Deployment Workflow
---

> Another significant change is the way Console configurations are saved and deployed: Kubernetes **configurations will be generated and committed** to the Git repository only **during the deployment process**.

Reviewer: If landing directly on this page, it seems like an intro is missing.

```suggestion
The Enhanced Project Workflow introduces significant changes in the way Console configurations are saved and deployed: Kubernetes **configurations will be generated and committed** to the Git repository only **during the deployment process**.
```
